Add the second slide of this repository (#3)
KP2020WHU/github-slideshow: _posts/0000-01-02-KP2020WHU.md

## Welcome to the second slide!

---

> Hello **GitHub**! I'm here to improve my technical skills. Looking forward to find some collaboratiors to workwith!

Author: Hello! Hope your wish comes true!
```suggestion
Hello **GitHub**! I'm here to improve my technical skills. Looking forward to find some collaboratiors to work with!
```
Wow! I can suggest changes through indivisual line remark rightaway!:+1:
